Name : Harold Chang

Class: Info 3401

Problem 1


Person who I did research about: Steve Ratheus


Source: Facebook.

Fact: He seems like he is really in car-racing


Source: Instagram.


Fact: Steve loves to travel, I saw his pictures in Maryland, Denver, California… etc.


Source: Linkedin.


Fact: Steve is in information technology industry, seems really passionate about his job.


Source: Face to Face conversation.


Fact: He transferred here two years ago from computer science major, and currently minoring in Business.



Source: From his friend.


Fact: He’s nice, hard working, he enjoys working with him for the past two years.



Version Control: 

1, For a soft-engineer, your work will never be perfect. There’s always the second. third revisions waiting for you. Therefore, in order to precisely figure out where the problem at, software engineer should be very familiar with version control.


2, Adding up new data. 2k one the most basketball video game, is well-known for their accurate rating about players’ performances. According to ESPN, some gm will consider 2k rating for a player’s value. Players themselves care about their rate without a doubt, for example, Miami heat starting center, Hasan Whiteside, he was rated 35 on his performance. After that, he used that underestimation improving himself to a next level, averaging double-double that season. 2k Decided to alter his rate to 83, which truly reflects his capability. I think changing a player’s data from the system requires version control also.


3, Storage. Most of the laptop only contains 256gb of storage. It is not very smart if we save all the files whenever we make changes. It is very effective if we employ version control, in that way we don't have to open up or save multiple pages at the same time. 


4. First, we added each other as the collaborator, before that it kept saying that we have no authorization for other’s file. After that(we need to accept the invitation via our email address) the authorization issue was solved. After that we clicked on the “commit to master” bottom. And then, another issue came out, which is saying conflict found. I then click “Pull” bottom, and commit to master again, this time the “Solve conflict” showed up, I clicked that, guess what… Problem solved, we were bale to push the bottom to our repository.



5-1 The first thing I will do when architecting and managing a collaborative project is to make sure we add everybody as the collaborator. Otherwise, it can be such a wasting-time behavior. Imagine you spend hours on changing the project, and ultimately realized that your work is not connected to your partners.


5-2 For the practices, since we failed variable times, we ended up type some random letters for the summary and description. However, it is very vital when working with groups of people, we all should be not only very careful but also very precise for what we are putting in the description bar.


5-3 Last but not least, my final strategy will be working the project together. I know it is impossible that we(me and partners) are always able to physically together. Nevertheless, Clicking changes at the same time, sometimes will be a lot easier if we are all together at the same place. Additionally, if we all work together at the same time, then we are more likely to avoid doing the same things that others might do. 


















